                            WordFootball V. 1.0

Language game for OS/2 to check words, Public Domain, source code included


I Preface
---------
This program is the result of my first steps into OS/2 programming.
I know that the program needs some further development, but I think
it is usable. The problem for me was that I prefer coding in PASCAL.
Now that there are some good compilers available I switched over
immediately. But I didn't want to do the whole thing again. This is 
why I declare the program and its source public domain. 
The aim of the program is to check the spelling of a word and its
correct translation. I was looking for some motivation for the student.
Well, the result was football.


II Features
-----------
- extra version for German available
- checks spelling of words
- you can use an ASCII file as database
- you can have a different task for each question

III Limits
----------
- only one answer possible
- doesn't save options 
- very limited help
- no further development

IV Packet
---------
The packet consists of the following files:

        wordfoot.exe - executable file
        wordfoot.txt - documentary in English
	wordfoot.c   - C source code
	wordfoot.h   - include file
	wordfoot.rc  - resource file
	wordfoot.ico - program icon
	wordfoot.bmp - background bitmap
        file_id.diz  - short description for use with BBS
	frage_wo.dta - question words
	perfect.dta  - perfect participle of irregular verbs
	pronomen.dta - personal pronouns and their object and possessive forms
	unr_verb.dta - past participle of irregular verbs


V Database and what the program does
------------------------------------
As mentioned above this program uses an ASCII File as a database. The file
must have the following format: 

- every task must be in one line
- the first part of each line is the task
- then a | (ASCII 124) follows
- the second part is the word the student has to translate
- then a # (ASCII 35) follows
- the third part is the answer

The program simply checks if the second and the third part are exactly 
the same. It doesn't even strip spaces from a word. I encluded some 
sample files. The files the program uses normally follow the naming
convention *.dta. That is what the file dialogue is looking for. But 
you can also use other endings. 


VI Miscelleanous
----------------
WordFootball is public domain. You can distribute the program in any way 
AS LONG AS YOU DON'T TAKE MONEY FOR IT AND ALTER THE SOURCES in this 
package! You can of course distribute a different package. 
Also I don't take ANY responsibility for any damages WordFootball does 
to your hardware or the contents of your harddisk or whatever. So you use 
it entirely at YOUR OWN RISK!
I use the program myself so that I can be reasonably sure that there are
no major bugs in it. 
The program was written with WATCOM C/C++ 10.0a. If you alter the sources
or if you like the program, I would ask you to let me know. If you have
any questions about the program or its use don't hesitate to write to me.

Torsten Schulz       2:249/1170@FIDONET   TorSchulz@AOL.COM
